Update service_container.rst (#19574)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container.rst

Linting Service Definitions
---------------------------

The ``lint:container`` command performs some additional checks to make sure
the container is properly configured:

> * checks that the arguments injected into services match their type declarations.
> * checks that the interfaces configured as alias are resolving to a compatible
> service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 * Ensure the arguments injected into services match their type declaration ;
 * Ensure the interfaces configured as alias are resolving to a compatible
   service.

```

To avoid the triple use of `check` 🙂

Author: Hey 👋 , thanks for the review, fixed (did not apply your suggestion cause ensure is missing an `s` 😛)
